audition for the show here sweet you
better believe it public opinion counts
for fifty percent of your total score
and step one make a video check the
contest is open to anyone in the world
that was their first mistake the world
is big Abbas around there is no
experience necessary at being a
millionaire we're looking for a diverse
group of contestants that's good because
I'm a diverse group of a person your
video must be no longer than two minutes
no problem do you ever notice the how
obvious it is when somebody's looking at
the screen to see what they look like on
the video for example it's pretty young
please state your name and hometown at
the start of your audition it's just to
start in my audition be creative
slightly creative not overly sure why
you think you should be the next
internet liner I have a beard I mean I
have yet to see a contestant here with
it with a full beard you know I'm not
talking like most gravely beards where
you know a few hairs are growing here or
a few hairs are growing here look what I
can do with my eyes I can go around the
monitor screen which are being reflected
on my glasses see it's like a game but
not fun or competitive or interesting
share your vision Oh Kate talk about
your creativity well the eyes are over
here the mouth is below it the hair is
on top here I'll talk about life success
and the goal I've accomplished in two
steps step one click anywhere inside
this box and then an Internet window
will pop up oh that's the popping sound
it's just the sound oh just the visual
backwards and then click the animation
Empire right there and you'll see some
of our animated videos and there is our
goals and successes what would you do
with a million dollars well I would make
an online contest called the next next
internet millionaire and the million
dollars would be the prize but I'd use
the contest to make two million dollars
so that I have twice the million of
dollars other guidelines do not wear any
clothing that contains brand names your
audition video may not include music
unless you're the owner of the work it's
supposed to include music and music you
have a base
boom boom boom boom boom percussion and
you have some sort of melody baby food a
baby and then yeah music you're on Ash
and video should be well lit
not contain an offensive material too
late for that you may not say any
website address a URL or make any URL
visible in your audition video the
exception is that you may say next
internet millionaire com well first of
all I'm not going to say next internet
millionaire com because if I said next
internet millionaire com then you would
think that I was just using you to go to
the next internet millionaire calm and
vote for me on next internet millionaire
calm important note make sure you do not
say the next internet millionaire calm
that is not our site because it's next
internet millionaire calm step to upload
to YouTube everybody knows how to do
that